SOS FULL CAPTURE 
HTML SCRIPTED BY FOG

This File Contains a old version of my openbullet config. Completely made by me and with some help of porficz and zigzag i was able to get full capture and other things working. 
Through this i also discovered 2 factor authentification bypass through this process.
I am planning on reworking this in the late winter of 2023, currently busy irl.
When captcha was first added i created a bypass the same day.
Then My Blaze Method was created, Checking if a account exists in rec rooms database in order to make the lists run through faster.
Soon after they completely fixed the Password Reset and the flaw in their recaptcha.
Then i had to stop working on this project.

Soon after in january sparked up some new code and was able to bypass multiple recaptchas via rec.nets page and abuse api accordingly. I plan on
turning everything to my knowledge via bugcrowd due to copy and pasters. More markdown on this soon and will comply ! the 2fa bypass was fixed since then but, i developed
a pin crack method to get into secured accounts. Api is still very vulnerable and rec.net needs to protect needed functions via page. I was sparked interest to bug crowd
because hiding everything isnt the way to go about things. To this day i am still able to use solvers that are avaliable online with this project and recreated Blaze fully
therefore letting account cracking become a spark up again.

My script was shared due to my lack of compliance back then but i have disregarded those decisions i have made and i will help out a little. Mark 4/24/2024


Thank you zigzag at the start and porficz for the help contributing to the progression of this project. It is one of my first ever coding projects i started and it became a crazy tool
was abused for months on end. Logging accounts day and night, my methods will be reworked into the future and turned into rec rooms bug bounty program. The next step foward into helping secure
rec.nets login page is first contacting the companys that are being abused by malicious methods of solving. -Fog

